Docs docs: Add instructions for embedding files in docs (#3982)
ESCOMP/CTSM: doc/source/users_guide/working-with-documentation/embed-example-markdown.md

---
orphan: true
---

Everything in this paragraph is just the contents of
`doc/source/users_guide/working-with-documentation/embed-example-markdown.md`. It's in the same directory
as the "Tips for working with Markdown" source file, so we only had to specify the
filename. If it were in a different directory, we would specify the path relative to "Tips for
working with Markdown". (Note that this file does NOT follow the "no line breaks within

> paragraphs" style convention; this is purely for readability of the embed.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
paragraphs" style convention; this is purely for readability of the embedded text.)
```

Reviewer: I'm unsure what this is trying to say?
